org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowser.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1JsObject
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$InAppBrowserClient
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpResponse.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpResponse
io/sqlc/SQLiteConnectorDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteConnectorDatabase
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
com/silkimen/http/KeyChainKeyManager.java
 com.silkimen.http.KeyChainKeyManager
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient$1
com/silkimen/http/TLSConfiguration.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSConfiguration
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaObservableCallbackContext.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaObservableCallbackContext
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpOperation.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpOperation
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
com/silkimen/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$2
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$3
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$4
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$5
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$6
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$7
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$8
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Base64
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$CloseOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$FlushOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$HttpRequestException
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Operation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$RequestOutputStream
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress$1
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
com/silkimen/http/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSSocketFactory
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaClientAuth.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaClientAuth
nl/xservices/plugins/FileProvider.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
io/sqlc/SQLitePlugin.java
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$1
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$Action
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBQuery
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBRunner
nl/xservices/plugins/ShareChooserPendingIntent.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.ShareChooserPendingIntent
nl/xservices/plugins/SocialSharing.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$4
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$SocialSharingRunnable
com/silkimen/http/HttpBodyDecoder.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpBodyDecoder
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpPlugin.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpPlugin
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpBase.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpBase
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpDownload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpDownload
io/sqlc/SQLiteAndroidDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase$QueryType
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpUpload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpUpload
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
com/silkimen/http/JsonUtils.java
 com.silkimen.http.JsonUtils
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowserDialog.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowserDialog
capacitor/android/plugins/BuildConfig.java
 capacitor.android.plugins.BuildConfig
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaServerTrust.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$1
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$2
